Jade's the name, and I got it all. I got the attitude, the style, and the guy who thinks I'm something else, but I also got a problem.
I'm someone else. And he likes Jade.
And Clarissa explained Jade, find out tonight at 8-7 Central on SNCC.
Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to SNCC.
Stay tuned.
Clarissa will be back in a minute, and she'll be back tonight to kick off SNCC with a brand new episode.
And so will Ran and Stimpy.
Yep, be here for an all-new Clarissa, and see Ran's new pectoral muscles on an all-new Ran and Stimpy.
Tonight on SNCC.
Splendid all with Kitch at Nickelodeon Studios, Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida.
It's in your face action, in your hands with a home alone two hand held.
Grab the monster staff, run Kevin look out, hurry!
Set a trap!
Nailed him.
It's Marv, take a picture, home alone two hand held.
Let me have it, kid.
Okay.
Ready for some Wolverine in your face action, in your hands?
It's the X-Men hand held game.
Cyclops, look out, apocalypse is above you.
Sneak attack by Juggernaut.
Get the excitement of the X-Men in your hand.
Hey, get your gloves off then.
Now, are you ready?
Contact animated movie ever on the big screen.
Batman, Mask of the Phantasm.
The dark night fights his most awesome villain, the Phantasm.
Plus, faces every danger.
Climb the streets of Gotham City and offer up.
Batman, Mask of the Phantasm.
Ready PG, 3rd December 25th, only a year.
The violence, speak of the evil.
And only one person has found the power to restore perfect order.
In the new action adventure game for your Super NES comes an exciting tale.
This is Chris Adlana from Square, maker of the world's greatest video games.
That's left by creationist finish.
And now, how can I, we're shut the world?
Ready PG, 3rd December 25th, let the shock treatment begin.
And December, what do they know about the shock?
I don't think they're talking about the ladies.
So, Pupsy and I will talk to them all.
Yes, yes.
Righty.
Tell us what to be.
We're so sorry.
So, Grona.
Oh, he's eating scouts.
And to please?
Well, he knows just how.
Who is scouts?
He's just got all the.
Oh, Grainley.
They're very nutritious.
He's definitely a.
He can't.
It's whatever.
A child, a genius, a goodie.
Kellogg for us is many weeks' taste.
So good, who cares about anything else?
Besides, it's part of this complete breakfast.
He's probably downstairs right now,
writing his dissertation on world peace.
Oh, there you go.
Oh, good.
Love to play dress-up.
And one of these days, I may grow out of it.
But I doubt it.
There's just something about pretending to be someone else
that gets my blood pumping.
And it takes so little to become a whole new person.
All you need is a pair of rattlesnake boots
and a tango and hat.
And you can do the tush-push as much as your
achy-breaky heart wants.
There's something about a sugar pearls and velvet gloves
that makes you feel like money grows on trees.
Is it about a pocket penset and penny loafers
that brings out the Bobby Fisher and all of us?
What you wear can redefine who you are.
Say you want to go cool.
Real cool.
Hyper cool.
Yeah, this'll do.
Now all I need is a new name to match my new look.
I think tonight I'll only be answering two.
Jade.
What a night.
When Sam's cousin Wiley invited us to his party,
we thought it'd be fun to go incognito.
After all, the kids at Wiley's high school
don't have any idea who we really are.
It was great.
The music was great.
The food was great.
And I met this really great guy
who thought I was great too.
Well, not me exactly.
Let's go back.
Way back to a few hours ago.
We and I had everybody buying our act.
It was a lark.
It was weird.
It was fun.
And then I heard him play.
He looked like your average guy,
but if he could play the drums like that,
I knew he had to be something special.
Hey, you're good.
It sounded okay.
Okay.
I thought my brains were going to gel in part of my ears.
It was hating then.
You're so...
So...
Straight?
Yeah.
You gonna go pro?
You kidding?
My parents would die.
They don't even know I'm in a band yet.
Yeah, well, you can't expect your parents
to like stuff you're into.
Like you think mine went to this nose piercing thing?
What if you get it cold?
What if you wipe your nose and your sleeve gets caught?
What if it rusts and you get tetanus?
But sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
Well, I wish I thought that way.
Can't get my whole body pierced eventually.
Lips, elbows, fingernails.
Next to my list is eyelids.
That sounds painful.
Yeah.
So, I'm Jade.
Who are you?
Paulie Slick Singer.
That's who.
I told him I was from Long Island.
Then we moved here a year ago.
He believed every word of it.
In fact, he believed everything I said.
See, it's a sewerette.
That's what's my wrist.
It's tailwags.
Wow.
Jade, I can't believe your parents
that you get a tattoo.
Well, they have their objections.
What if you're getting poisoned?
What if the kids call you rat girl?
What if your prom dress is sleeveless?
Right.
Like, I'm gonna be wearing a prom dress.
I kept waiting all night for him to catch on.
Then there was the time I wanted to jump over
ten burning trash cans on my dirt bike.
I've done nine, so I thought,
what's the big deal with ten?
One kid who did it still can't eat solid food.
Wow, Jade, you're amazing.
You're pretty neat yourself.
Really?
Would I lie to you?
Clearly, I would.
Only, it didn't feel like lying.
And now I'll probably never get to know him.
He likes Jade.
He doesn't even know I exist.
Gee, I wonder if he has a brother.
Oh, where'd you get him?
Him, and no, you can't hold him.
Oh, come on, just for a minute.
Okay, fine, but no baby talk,
no stupid names, and no kissy faces.
Okay, you have my word.
Hello, little bitty kitty cat.
What's your little bitty name?
I'll call you F***y Puff.
You never cease to disgust me.
Ah, hey, where'd you get the kitten, Ferguson?
I found him under the tic-tac taco.
He was hiding under a pile of those cinnamon crisp things.
Oh, yeah? What was he doing there?
Basically, crying his fuzzy little butt off.
I couldn't just leave him.
No, of course not.
I figured somebody might be offering a reward,
so I decided to bring him home.
Strange, though, I feel a certain affinity for the little tic.
Mom says I can keep him around for the time being.
All right, as long as you look after him.
Look what I just got from the garden.
Oh, wow, Mom, that's a really big one.
Oh, yes, big, big, big.
Isn't it great?
I'm thinking of stuffing it with kidney beans
and wheat berries for tonight.
Sounds delicious, Mom, but, uh,
didn't we have squash last night?
Ferguson, that was acorn squash.
This is banana squash.
Oh.
They're nothing alike.
And if this a beauty.
Oh, shit.
Whole lot of eating in that squash.
It's a big squash.
Ned Silverstein said that I should enter it into state fair,
but I don't want to deprive my family
of all this vitamin A.
Deprive us?
What an opportunity.
We couldn't rob you of a chance at a blue ribbon.
Well, maybe I'll hold on to it and enter it
if nobody really minds.
Entering these.
Oh, I'll just put it on the porch to keep it fresh.
That was a close one.
I've been eating someone's squash lately.
I think I'm turning yellow.
Last night I had a dream that I mowed down
the whole squash patch.
Every last mother-loving vine.
And then I pretended that it was an accident.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for it.
Do it.
Yeah?
No, I can't.
She's so darn proud of those gourds.
Sorry, kids.
They'd probably grow back anyway.
So what are you going to name a kitten, Ferguson?
Well, I wanted a name that said dignity, grace,
and wise economic philosophy,
so I decided to call him William F. Buckley.
That's no need for a kitten.
Besides, what if he already has a name
and you'll just confuse him?
I don't have names all the time.
Oh, yeah.
I guess name changing isn't all that rare of an occurrence.
What's in a name anyway?
If it's Jade, maybe a little more that I bargained for.
Hey, Clarissa.
I got some news about your boyfriend.
What boyfriend?
As in drummer boyfriend.
Talk.
Okay.
He called Wiley like six o'clock this morning
and went on and on about how you're the most awesome girl he ever met.
Really?
I guess he really liked you.
I guess he did.
What am I saying?
No, he didn't.
He couldn't possibly have liked me.
Hey, have a little self-confidence.
No, Sammy, didn't even meet me.
He met Jade, and that's who he's so crazy about.
You mean you didn't tell him you were just goofing?
I just couldn't.
Oh, then I guess it's going to be really weird when he calls you.
He can't call.
He doesn't have my number.
I kind of gave it to Wiley to give to him.
I didn't know.
What am I going to do?
Clarissa, you're going to have to tell him who you really are.
Oh, great.
And then he'll probably just get really angry at me for faking him out.
And what if he doesn't like me?
Or he sort of likes me, but he really likes Jade.
The longer you wait, the harder it's going to be.
Okay, maybe you're right.
I'll tell him the truth when he calls.
Good luck.
Sure, luck's nice.
But what I really need is a good explanation.
Not another harvest.
I want to know what kind of fertilizer is your mother using in that garden?
What are we going to do?
Well, there's nothing you can do at times like this except pray for a drought.
I'll get it.
Yeah, what?
No, actually we hit our long distance service, but we're just too lazy to switch.
Thanks for asking, though.
Hello, all.
Hey, where have you been?
Oh, I was out picking up a few necessities for William F. Buckley.
A catnip briefcase, a Brooks Brothers collar, and for inclement weather.
Galoshes.
He hates to get his feet wet.
Ferguson, I made William F. Buckley a little something myself.
I was working on a model for that new international earring boutique, you know, the lobe globe.
Oh, right?
Yeah.
Well, I had some fabric left over, so I made this.
What is it?
It's a scratching post, you know, so the little guy can make sure his nails are in shape.
Dad, I don't mean to seem ungrateful, but as a parent, I feel responsible for what the little guy is exposed to, and I think that that's way too...
What?
... girly.
Oh.
Girly?
The girliest.
Dad, maybe you could reupholster it with something with a touch more testosterone?
Something more not pink?
You're being ridiculous.
Well, do I attack your parenting methods?
No, but all things considered, maybe someone should have.
Yeah, what?
What kind of survey?
No.
Yes.
Definitely no.
Only on Tuesdays.
Uh, probably Basset Hounds.
You're welcome.
Not another one.
Isn't it stunning?
And I have a recipe where you puree it, mix it with cornmeal, and make it into pizza crust.
Sounds yummy.
If somebody do something, and she cooks it, we'll have to eat it.
Another squash?
Mom, about that squash.
Shouldn't you save it for the fair?
Of course, it's just an ordinary butternut squash.
Ordinary?
It has been a fruitful year indeed if you can call that squash.
No.
I would call it extraordinary.
That's what I would call it, and it would be a crime for you not to enter that into the fair.
Well, okay, you talk me into it.
Hang on, I'll get her.
Yeah, what?
I don't know, who's asking?
You, uh, Paulie, right?
Yeah, sounds good.
Next Saturday?
Well, why not? What else am I doing, right?
Okay, see ya.
That was, uh, this guy I met.
We kid around a lot.
Well, what'd you expect? I couldn't tell him in front of everyone.
I'll tell him sooner or later.
Hey, maybe later.
More Clarissa.
More Snake.
From the creator to squiggle wiggle writer and squiggle ball.
No doubt.
Who's Kirby?
Behind the flabby facade of physical powerhouse.
A street fighter.
A weapons expert.
He's whatever the situation demands.
In Kirby's adventure, evil king David stolen Dreamland's dreams.
Now, Kirby's fighting to get him back.
Leveled by nightmarish level.
That's Kirby.
He's scared to play across in any one tough cruise pop.
Kirby's adventure on NES.
Oh, hungry.
Oh, Papples.
It is the season to be sharing friends.
Every holidays, pal.
Oh, smooth.
Rudy and Coco Papple Cereal's part of his nutritious breakfast.
Ho, ho, ho, ho.
Is your BCR trying to tell you something?
Well, Nickelodeon can take care of that.
With a whole new line of home videos.
Including the best of Len and Stimpy.
Rugrats of the Ruggiest.
And Doug at his dunniest.
Plus extra mixed stuff you can't see anywhere else.
So take home a Nickelodeon home video and watch what happens.
Watching.
Nick!
And now, back to Clarissa explains it all.
I think it was either William Shakespeare or Snidely Whiplash
who once said,
Oh, what tangled webs we weave when first we practice to deceive.
Whoever it was, wasn't kidding.
Pauly and I went to the State Fair last night.
And I spent the whole time trying not to get caught in a jade web.
Things got sticky when we almost ran into some kids from school.
To avoid them, I pretended to be fascinated by Stucco, the human pink cushion.
Hey, check it out.
Gross.
Can we go already?
But this is so awesome.
Guess it is kind of unique.
Then the whole relationship almost went up in smoke at the fried dough stand.
Even with the clouds of grease, I could smell trouble in the air.
Wait, there's something bothering me.
Really?
Your nose ring.
What?
Didn't it used to be in the other nostril?
Of course not.
I mean, it's just because you used to see me from the other side, like this.
And finally, an evening thunderstorm almost washed away my cover.
Oh man, it's really coming down.
No kidding.
You want a bag back?
I know things that you could just wear it.
I know I should tell him.
But the problem is I really like the guy.
And I just wonder if he could like me.
The real me, that is.
What are you doing?
The well-adjusted kitten needs lots of physical contact.
You see, the roughness of the towel replicates the roughness of the mother cat's tongue.
Why don't you use your own tongue?
If it wasn't for hairballs, I would.
Ferguson, I'm afraid we've got some bad news.
Look what we found on a telephone pole out front.
Have you seen bubblegum?
He's got stripes and a black V on his forehead.
That looks absolutely nothing like my cat.
And even if it did, bubblegum?
Does this look like a bubblegum?
Come on, Ferguson.
There's some kid out there looking for their pet.
Look, bubblegum, bubblegum.
See?
Wrong cat.
Why don't we just give Ferguson some time to think about this?
Yeah, I think that's a good idea.
Wow. I never thought it'd be so hard for Ferguson to say goodbye to his kitten.
But I've got my own farewells to deal with.
I just hope saying goodbye to Jade doesn't mean saying goodbye to Polly.
What's the worst that could happen if you tell Polly who you really are?
I'm afraid he won't want to see me anymore.
I think he's in love with Jade,
or at least kind of mesmerized by her.
But like, who wouldn't be?
Well, I'm not to tell you the truth.
Jade kind of gets on my nerves.
Hey, you want to come over here and say that?
Stop that.
You keep slipping into her voice.
I do?
Maybe you'd better tell Polly the truth before you become Jade.
And I guess you're right.
So you're going to level with him, really?
What'd I say? Don't you got he is?
Call me when you're not so jaded.
This is getting creepy.
What if Sam's right?
What if Jade takes over my body?
There's nothing I can do about it.
What if I'm stuck as Jade forever?
Not really. Are you feeling all right?
Something should be kept running for your life.
No matter what happens, I've got to tell Polly.
I may lose him, but that's better than losing myself.
Mom and dad are going to the fair this afternoon,
so I invited Polly over to hang out and listen to music.
I'm going to break the news then.
I hope that's all that gets broken.
Now, what is it you wanted to talk to me about?
It's William F. Buckley.
Ferguson, I'm sorry, but he belongs to someone else.
We called the number on the post to Ferguson.
The owner should be here any minute.
And we know that you'll do the right thing.
I can't believe it.
And they call themselves my parents.
Hi there.
Good afternoon. May I please speak with Mr. Ferguson, darling?
You certainly may.
Oh, Mr. Darling.
What do you want, kid?
I hate to bother you, but your mother said you might have my kitten.
Not so fast. What's your name?
Missy.
Not so fast, little Missy.
What makes you think I have your kitten?
Your mother says he's got a little black V on his forehead.
Uh-huh.
And where did you get this supposed kitten anyway?
My daddy gave him to me just before I left to do missionary work in Calcutta.
Calcutta?
I lost him at Tic Tac Taco.
That's when my mom works.
I wait for her on the playground every day.
All day long?
It's not so bad.
I can have all the stale chips I want.
And I have bubble gum to play with.
Oh, are you used to?
Okay, kid.
You win.
Will you please get William F. Butt bubble gum, please?
Sure, Ferguson.
Are you all right, Mr. Darling?
Yeah, don't worry about me, kid.
You look after yourself.
Much. Oh, thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Darling.
Oh, I better return your collar.
Keep it, kid.
You know what, Mr. Darling?
I think you're the nicest man in the whole world.
Come on, kid.
I've got some other kiddie stuff in the garage.
How'd it go?
Is Ferguson all right?
I think he'll pull through.
But shouldn't you guys get going to the fair?
I mean, you don't want to miss the squash competition?
We're leaving. We're leaving.
Come on, Ferguson. Let's get a move on.
Speaking of getting a move on, hey, Wally.
Hey, Jade, how's it going?
Great, but, uh, look, I, uh...
Hey, look.
Hey, you got a little skull in your ear.
Yeah.
You know, I always wanted an earring.
I just never had the guts to get one until I met you.
Me?
What have I got to do with it?
You're just so strong about being yourself.
I mean, you don't care what anybody else thinks
because you know who you are.
Yeah, well, that sort of comes and goes.
Know what else?
I'll take a professional drum lesson.
And it's all because of you.
Look, there's a whole bunch of stuff you don't know about me.
But I'm dying to find out.
Hey.
Big improvement, sis.
Hmm, you should think about wearing it this sky is full-time.
What are you doing here?
What was that?
Oh, my brother. Look, I...
Did Ferguson find my petty-pants squash?
Oh, hello.
Uh, Mom, this is Paulie. Paulie, my mom.
Ah, nice to meet you, Paulie.
Hi.
Oh, I get it.
You're off to another one of those costume parties.
You kids.
Oh, I better hurry.
Costume party?
Oh, my mom, you know.
It's her idea of a joke.
She don't like the way I dress, so every day I hear you go into another costume party.
It's a drag.
Janet, found your petty-pants. It's in the car.
So, huh?
Paulie, this is my dad.
Hi.
Oh, so, uh, are you getting ready for Halloween a little early this year, sport?
Uh, yeah.
Looks good.
Hey, aren't you guys from Long Island?
I mean, no one else in your family has an accent.
Oh, uh, well, yeah, because, uh, they're, you know, they're so into fitting in
that they changed their accents so people won't notice them.
Come on, everybody, let's go.
Don't stay out too late.
Excuse me. I'm sorry to butt in, but I think you guys should use your own accents.
I mean, you shouldn't be ashamed of who you are.
Her accents?
We haven't got time, Janet.
Yeah, wish you could stay, but bye.
Wow.
It's so sad about your family denying their identity.
They're nothing like you, Jade.
Well, actually...
You're totaling yourself, and you're the reason I'm becoming myself also.
Okay, stop. I can't take it anymore.
Well, what's wrong? What'd I do, Jade?
Don't call me that.
What am I supposed to call you?
I don't know. Try Clarissa?
Is this some kind of weird pickup thing?
No, it's just me.
My name is Clarissa Darling. I've never been to Long Island.
And my nose ring is a clip-on.
Oh.
Started out as a joke, but I never quite got to the punchline.
I'm sorry.
Man.
If you completely hate me and you never want to see me again, I totally understand.
How can I hate you? I mean, I don't even know you.
What, are you a geek or something?
No.
We'll see.
Wait, so you're not mad?
I'm kind of flattered, actually.
You are?
No girl ever went through so much trouble just to impress me.
So you still want to hang out?
I guess, but I'm kind of shy around strangers.
I like shy.
Well, looks like you got all the award-winning squash into everything.
Except for the bread.
Oh, really?
Oh.
Is that squash I taste?
It's my blue ribbon patty pan.
Huh. Nice, nutty flavor.
So, Clarissa, are we going to be seeing any more Polly?
I think you can count on it.
Nice, kid. A little confused. Nice.
Well, it takes a while to get to know a person.
Appearances can be deceiving.
You know what I'm saying?
There's more snicking straight ahead, so stick around and see what's up at the roundhouse.
Next on Snick.
Let's work for you, Nickelodeons!
Nickelodeon.
From Warner Bros. Family Entertainment, two new holiday gift ideas.
Give your family something special with one of the most heartwarming films of the year.
I love you, Willie.
The story of a remarkable friendship.
Willie, and bring home the fun with a lovable menace named Dennis.
The outrageous John Hughes comedy directed by Nick Castle.
Dennis the Menace.
Free Willie. And Dennis the Menace.
Two great gifts at a price you can afford for sale wherever videos are sold.
It's what it feels like.
A little bit.
It's Sonic.
It's Pinball.
It's new Sonic's Pinball.
Sega Genesis and Game Cartridge sold separately.
The new snap-together, color-coded construction set.
Okay Grimace, let's start recording.
Do you believe in magic?
If so, I hope you do.
Oops, too slow.
I'm really stuck on this side.
To start the holiday sooner, you could make your own reindeer.
Or you could head to McDonald's for some way cool miniature Mattel toy.
Like Mollie Pocket or the Attack Bag.
Nine and all. One with each totally toy happy million bucks.
I'm fluffy.
Let's spread out rock.
Then of course there are those who make their own rules.
Rock, smash and scissors.
Oh, not these scissors.
These are super nuclear-powered scissors with rock-crushing laser tips.
All this, skins are still intended to be fun.
Except for the games people play with the feelings of other people.
We have names for the people who play these games.
There are anatomical names we can't say on TV, but you know who they are.
The mystery club will not be still prepared for May due to last week's meeting.
You'll more classic serves you're still being accepted.
Popular girls club.
You're gonna meet Jennifer's Bamer.
Unpopular girls club. You're gonna meet the gymnasium.
We can show exactly how unpopular Robin is.
Have you ever walked into school cafeteria and realized
for all you solitary diners, there's charm in a drum.
I'm all alone, but that's okay, because I've got charm in a drum.
Complete with decorative half-eaten lunches.
Notebook's filled with private-for-your-eyes-only notes.
And incredibly cool jackets to place in the tables and chairs near you.
Wow!
With some in a drum also comes with a book of phrases
you can yell out to your invisible friend.
Hey, Tony, while you're up, get me a Twinkie.
Oh, Lance, Branch, your potato dog Rotten, you're getting cold.
Can I do it?
These seats are taken.
That's right. With some in a drum, only you have to know how really unpopular you are.
Also comes the next restraint for members of the audio-visual club.
You need a ride home or something?
No, my traveling music's just late.
Maybe tomorrow.
Oh, forget it. I'm just looking for someone popular.
What's he talking about?
No way. I did him first.
Hey, Dad, can I spend the night at Jimmy's? Dave's dad is letting him.
Well, son, if Dave's dad let him jump off a cliff, does that mean I should push you?
Uh, let you?
Well, you try to get a straight answer from your father.
But he always phrases his answer in the form of a question.
Here's our reigning champion.
Hi, I'm the dad, and I take the blame for bringing his idiot into the world.
And I'm the son of those little brats who's nothing but trouble.
Let's get right to the game, shall we?
Today's categories are...
Lazy boys, cheap beers of the world.
When I was your age, father's son talked, and finally...
Finger-pulling fun.
You go first, young man.
I'll take father's son talked for 100, please.
The answer is...
No.
What if do I look like I'm made out of money?
Correct!
Uh, let's see, uh, father's son talked for 200.
The answer is...
Because she'll say no, too.
What if you wanted to go ask your mother?
Correct! Once again, our grand champion is walloping his pathetic offspring.
Uh, let's see, I'll take what I was your age for a thousand, Alex.
The answer is...
10 miles.
What if, how far I had to walk through the snow, upheld both ways to get to school,
and I was your age, young man?
That would be good, but you've shown your father up,
and that means you're in the daily trouble.
How much do you want to wage her?
I'll risk it all, Alex.
Why not, you little snot? It's not your money.
The final jeopardy answer is...
Why?
Okay, time is up. Remember, the answer is why.
What's your answer, son?
What is my annoying sister's favorite word?
Sorry, that leaves you exactly what you started with.
Nothing!
Now let's see what's an ad robe.
Remember, the answer is...
Why?
What is it because I said so, Alex?
Correct!
Alright!
Who's next in line for some of his parental wisdom?
I guess that would be me.
Your nickel. Shoot.
I don't think it'd be popular school.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hold it right there, young lady.
Consult your parental handbook.
Popular comes under dealing with others,
which is under the subheading of emotions.
Which, as you well know, dads have nothing to do with.
You're going to have to ask your mother.
Fine, where is she?
Come on, this is TV.
Where do you think a stereotypical TV mother would be?
Washington.
Someone with bad hair and an irritating singing voice
would invent a scrub brush that would clean without scratching.
I'm Michael Bolton, and no matter what anyone says,
I'm very talented.
Today, I'd like to tell you about a revolutionary dishwashing.
Bolton's scrub pad.
The scrub pad made from lots of my own hair.
Well, actually, it was my barber's idea.
Here he is now.
One day, after a wax job on Michael's filthy hairy back,
I picked up a huge chunk of his hair off the floor.
It was spongy, yet gritty.
And my first thought was,
this would be harmless to pots and pans.
Fabulous, but what about those really tough jobs?
No problem.
I've got enough to last a lifetime.
Wow, I can see myself.
Oh, no, that's too much.
Mom, could I talk to you about a non-fiction thing for a moment?
Oh, sure, honey.
What's up?
I could tell you it's not up my popularity.
Oh, sweetie, don't worry so much about being popular, all right?
You're smart, and you get good grades.
In the long run, that'll be what's most important.
You think so?
Oh, I know so.
Let me tell you a story.
There was this girl in my class,
and she was quiet and kind of homely.
Nobody liked her.
Nobody thought she would ever amount to anything.
And do you know who that girl was?
Was that you, mom?
No way.
I was head cheerleader.
She was the fat lady who worked in the cafeteria.
But she's so gross and disgusting, and nobody liked her.
Yeah, but she just got her own show on the Fox Network.
Oh, I see.
Who you are, it doesn't matter what anybody else thinks.
Oh, fudge.
Look at that.
Waxy yellow buildup.
I think I'll go to the arcade for a little while.
Larry, the greatest game ever.
Be the life of the party.
Be superior.
Be anything but your real self.
Be popular.
Send in the wigs.
You first of all supply glass.
Let's get our machine.
Four easy to use tools.
For lots of easy to make projects.
With it refills sold separately.
Use your most beautiful stuff.
Just follow my nose.
It's such a cute nose.
The Kellogg's Fruit Loops.
Orange lemon cherry and lime.
With brighter colors, you'll flip over.
Fruit Loops.
The bright part in this nutritious breakfast.
Mm, fabulous colors.
Speaking of fab, don't you think Sammy would look
terribly hot on these cakes?
Well, I am known for my new...
Follow your nose to a most colorful fruit taste.
Mighty Max, Mighty Max.
Mighty Max.
Welcome to Skull Dungeon.
Wow.
Mighty Max.
Smasher, get up.
You're brain donors here.
Me want brain.
No way, slime face.
Whoa.
Watch out for that first step.
It's not over, Mighty Max.
Will Max get fried?
His face is in your hands.
Mighty Max.
You can collect all his adventure sets.
Each sold separately.
Mighty Max figure included from Mattel.
Joy to the world.
Let's go.
Happy holidays from the Rugrats and Nickelodeon.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
Thank you.
Just a reminder to all you club presidents,
the combined average grade of all your members
must be at least a C plus if you're to be allowed
to continue your club.
Popular girl club, you're on the borderline.
Athletic club, you're on a...
From this roll, thank you.
Yeah.
This is us.
No way.
We are a deep ghetto.
We need something to admit our greatness.
Oh.
No student sentence.
Yo.
Roberta.
Robin.
Whatever.
You have potential to it.
You can be like me on your...
Me really?
For sure.
You want me as a friend?
Affirmative.
We feel way close to you.
Rhonda.
Robin.
Whatever.
If we point out where's Walnut?
This is my friend Walnut.
If you'd like to join him on his world travel,
you can.
All you have to do is find him.
Where's Walnut?
Walnut's at the beach.
Can you find him?
Look, you can find him at all.
Where's Walnut?
Do you see me?
Can you find me?
Our two party where everyone's wearing the same outfit.
Where's Walnut?
Be careful, this one's tricky.
Walnut's looking like friend is at the party too.
Do you see Walnut's friend?
Do you see Peanut?
I got this new video game on sale at Hallmark.
Really cool.
Rapping Moons?
No.
Paintful Insta?
Uh-uh.
Thumbs of agony?
No.
None of those.
Shrieking house tests?
No.
Actually, it's called Yard.
That's right.
Yard.
The video game that realistically simulates you sitting in your yard and playing with
stuff out.
This game sucks 16-bit microchips.
Yeah.
This seriously megabytes.
I'm going over to Savannah's house to play Lugie's a Fury.
My yard rocks in the street.
Hey, Robin.
I got this new video game.
You want to play?
None now.
Do yourself.
Hey, Jimmy.
Wait up.
Do you know me?
Chances are you live right next door to me.
I hear where you could damage my house.
I hope you know I'm keeping this.
But ladies, your house is made of bricks.
Exactly.
Which is why I could cave in if struck by this ball of foam.
I wonder what she does with all that stuff she takes with her anyway.
Come on down to Neighbor Ladies Sporting does where we have a huge selection of stuff
that used to belong to you.
Just look at this high quality pre-owned frisbee.
Hey, I lost this last summer.
I thought it was a sharp dangerous projectile.
I couldn't have it back.
Well, now you can.
All right.
For $4.
What a rip-off.
No, think of it as a rip-off.
Think of it as a ransom.
That's Neighbor Ladies Sporting goods.
Shop here or never see your stuff again.
You guys are.
I am going to clean you guys in Monopoly tonight.
Oh, sorry, Dad.
I can't.
I have something to do with my new friends.
Oh, wait.
Thursday's always been family night.
I'm sorry, Dad.
I can't.
It's family night.
Someone gets out the Monopoly set.
Ladies is the dumbest one in the family.
I always has to say, boy, if this was real money,
we'd all be millionaires.
Lago.
Making a bet where the marbles gobble not at all.
We'll pick a stick, but don't let them fall.
This is the gold kerplunk.
Yes, sir.
Kerplunk from Tyco.
The girl comes with a bright pink juicy walker.
Speak stylish and now one of the best values in America.
Yes, bro.
Limited time by the Super NES Super Set.
And get five complete Mario games standard.
Mario.
You'll find the Super Set is like no other system.
Oh.
In performance, handling, and mode, step in control.
You'll get Super Mario World.
And for 350 in postage, Super Mario All Stars
bring with four Mario games in one.
Mario.
So stop by your Nintendo dealer today.
Welcome to town.
You don't get Super Nintendo Super Smash.
If you answer this question correctly, madam, you win $50.
What was Mozart's middle name?
I want to know it.
How do they cram all that grime?
How do they cram all that grime cracker taste
into every bite of golden grams
and still have room for the honey that makes them, uh...
Mace.
Golden grams are part of this complete breakfast.
Could you repeat the question?
I could.
How do they...
Garth?
It's Heather Lochner.
But she's signaling to us there is a God.
Heather be thy name.
Waves World 2.
Ready PG-13.
Now play.
The name of the cabbage pie.
Daddy, I adopt a baby cry-so-real.
Daddy's not included.
The reals here.
Baby cry-so-real.
Wow.
You made her stop crying.
On her mom.
I'll return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Knick.
Consider what computers that beat you at chess.
I won.
Better luck next time.
Now there's shame, boy.
The computer that not only beats you,
but grubs it in as well.
Checkmate, fish-face.
Sin-yo, wouldn't want to be-yo.
Is that it?
My blind stupid dog could do better than that.
You call that a move?
My uncle with the wooden legs faster than you.
Shame boy has three levels of trash talking.
Irritation.
Your mama.
Humiliation.
Your mama's ugly.
Incomplete character devastation.
Somebody was telling me your mother's uglier than sin.
And sin sued.
Hey, take it easy, man.
She looks like a million bucks.
Green and crumpled.
So if you want a shame, boy,
bring your bony butt down here and get one.
Unless you want your mama to do it for you.
Oh, I forgot she's too busy being ugly.
If you build it, he will come
and make rye observations about it.
Jerry Seinfeld starring in Seinfeld's Dreams.
If the big leagues play on a diamond,
do the mindless play on a cubic zirconium?
Look!
That's report.
Tell them to give it to them.
Who cares?
We got our done.
Sweet dreams.
We're your dream sequence.
Go back to sleep.
Aw.
Sweet dreams.
Now you're getting it.
Now you're getting to be popular.
You dumped your nerdy pet.
Ten thousand points.
You're stealing a little brother.
Staying ranked by $200 sneakers.
You're getting up in English.
Why not?
That's right.
Mrs. Davis said you didn't do your book report.
Oh, well, who cares?
Oh, I'm popular.
What?
Generation.
Nothing fits if I'm bad.
So be it.
Planet skirt looks great if I've heard.
So charge it to my dad.
Most bitch-based after-plastic surgery.
And the simple salad I order.
Dressing on the side.
Reminds me of someone I once knew
who cleaned our house
and didn't have a green card.
For every generation.
There's the jab.
We're in.
It's me, Robin.
Rhoda.
Roberta.
Oh, Rowena.
You're still here?
Yeah.
We're supposed to bring up our grade point average.
Too bad about English.
Major one kid.
You'll have to go back to being a total loser.
You're gonna have to just see for yourself.
But one thing I can't tell you
is so for real we'll be there.
So don't miss all that this week
at 830-730 Central.
Only on Snitch.
Oh, grab a pencil.
If you want to find out how you can turn your room
into an ultimate hangout.
The details on how you can play the Nickelodeon
Ultimate Room Instant Wind Game
are coming up.
Since it's been a year,
we may be a little rusty.
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle.
Jingle all the way.
Oh, I was wondering if you were in the...
And...
Not even on the other side.
Not at all.
Nickelodeon has the ultimate guide
to modern life.
Rocco's modern life.
Chapter one.
Getting your own place.
Chapter two.
Keeping your place neat and tidy.
Chapter three.
Making friends with your neighbor.
Chapter four.
Landing a steady job.
Chapter five.
Taking time out to relax.
Learn about these subjects
and more in Rocco's modern life.
Nick's newest Nick Tune.
Every Sunday at 1130-1030 Central.
Only on Nickelodeon.
Chapter six.
Choosing a pet.
Ultra-clip hangers, electric racing.
Ultra-chrome Lamborghinis.
Competing at incredible speeds.
Go vertical.
Care and do outrageous loops.
Break the law of gravity.
You will.
Ultra-clip hangers, new Rocco.
Get the power of an extra engine.
Outlaw.
The first radio-controlled truck
with a power boost engine.
More extra speed at 50% more power.
So when the going gets tough,
outlaw gets even tougher.
Outlaw with power boost engine.
Batteries not included.
Think capping can provide the attack
of the hungry mutants?
Only that tasty crunch can help them narrow.
What? More crunch?
Just call me a crunch generator.
Didn't your mom ever tell you
to crunch with your mouth closed?
Mutants today.
Quick, send us a what's been.
Talk about warp.
This guy's totally bent.
Here, crunch this
as part of your balanced breakfast.
Oh.
Mega crunch effect.
Oh, mega score.
Mega bite.
Oh, darling.
Is your BCR trying to tell you something?
Well, Nickelodeon can take care of that
with a whole new line of home videos
including the best of Ryan Stimpey,
Rugrats at the ruggedest,
and Doug at his dungiest.
Plus extra mixed stuff you can't see anywhere else.
So take home a Nickelodeon home video
and watch what happens.
Mighty Max, Mighty Max.
Welcome to Skull Dungeon.
Wow.
Mighty Max.
Smasher, get up.
Your brain donor is here.
Me want brain.
No way, slime face.
Whoa.
Watch out for that first step.
It's not over, Mighty Max.
Will Max get fried?
His fate is in your hands.
Mighty Max, Mighty Max.
You can collect all his adventure sets.
Each sold separately.
Mighty Max figure included from Mattel.
Happy holidays from all of us here at Nickelodeon.
Welcome, freshman Walter.
What are you doing?
Happy holiday.
Don't stay out in the sun too long, Ren.
You know you have delicate skin.
Be quiet, you idiot.
Can't you see I'm operating?
Hey, who's kicking sand?
Why you? I'll knock you into next week.
Who you gonna what, skinny?
Oh.
Did you say something weeny boy?
Oh, no, sir.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Oh, by the way, I wasn't kicking sand.
Thank you, sir.
Come on, dolls.
Let's go play for quackies.
Well, Ren, where did your little friends go?
All through playing?
Look at me stumping.
What a pathetic wimp I am.
If only I had huge pectoral muscle.
My friend, that's exactly what you need.
Charles Globe.
World-famous fitness guru and socialite gadfly.
If you had large pectoral muscles,
no one would ever push you around again.
But I am too able to work out.
I don't know what to do.
Work out?
Why? I've never worked out a day in my life.
And look at me.
Haven't you ever heard of Pectoplasty?
We're living in the future, my friend.
All you have to do is remove fat cells from one part of your body
and have them implanted into your pectoral void.
Look how it changed me.
I'll always be a wimp,
for I have no fat cells to implant.
I have lots of fat cells, Ren.
You can have some of mine.
Your fat cells?
Don't worry, Ren.
After all, I am a card-carrying professional donor.
Oh, Stimpy, you are my true friend.
Paging Dr. Howard.
Dr. Fine.
Dr. Howard.
Endoplasmic verticulum, eh?
Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
Oh, serious.
All right, Mr. Hawick.
Just relax and breathe deeply.
Stimpy.
Yes.
If I don't make it.
Save.
Save the brain.
The patient sedated.
I'll carve.
Knife.
Oh, constantly.
Uh-oh.
Wow.
Clamp.
Oh, man.
Keepin' comin'.
Well, the patient's open and receptive.
Pectoral implant material?
Yes, doctor.
Grotto botfat.
Oh, kiddoke.
Stimpy, if I don't get these wraps off,
I'm gonna die of itching.
Me too.
All right, boys.
What do you say we take these bandages off?
Stimpy!
Just relax.
This won't take long.
Don't worry, son.
You still have your wits.
Hey, doc.
Me next.
Me me.
Do me!
All right.
Scooby-dooby-dee-da.
Vooba-dooba-wa-wa.
Yabba-dabba-hey-hey.
Zip-dee-dee-ba-bum-bum.
Doc, I feel great.
Powerful.
Dangerous.
Come on, you.
We're going to the beach.
Check it out.
Wow.
Well, well, well.
If it isn't the little mosquito man
with big new muscles no less,
have you come to teach me a lesson?
Ouch!
Get him off of me!
Well, that's that.
Hey, Stimpy.
Me and the babes are going to take off.
Oh, so you're leaving then?
Yeah, I guess it's time for me to move on.
Oh, pal.
Well, I'm not surprised.
You don't need me slowing you down now.
Here.
A muscle shirt.
I knitted it just for you.
It's beautiful.
Thanks, man.
You go on now.
Go on before you change my mind.
Get out of here.
Go.
Finally.
Ren can be happy.
So there you have it.
Who would have thought that from these sad and humble beginnings
that I was destined to become a Hollywood legend?
First, I did a few action pictures.
And action.
Cut.
Print it.
I did a little modeling work around town.
You know, beefcake stuff.
I tell you, the media couldn't get enough of me.
Now here I sit, wallowing in the glory of my fame and fortune.
But I've never forgotten that I owe it all to one person.
One friend who was there for me when I needed him.
Yes, sir?
I owe it all to...
Your prune smoothie, sir.
Huh? Oh, yeah. Thanks.
Hey.
Yes, sir?
You straw's facing the wrong way.
Oh, sorry, sir.
Forgive me.
That's better.
Huh?
Hey, you, come back here.
Yes, sir?
You look familiar.
You work here long?
No, sir.
I just started today.
Get back to work.
Yes, sir!
He's so happy.
Now where was I?
Oh, yeah.
The guy who made it all possible.
Charles Claude.
And Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
It's kids like me took over the world.
I change a lot of things.
First of all, there wouldn't be any school.
Wait, better yet.
If we keep school, who won't really be like school?
Like, there won't be buses.
We'll come to school and monster trucks.
Our free-haver classes will be gym, recess, and marine biology.
Or we'll learn how to save the whales.
There'll be chocolate chicks in the drinking fountains.
And nobody will drive for the school band,
because the school band will be the metalheads.
Hey, as long as we're changing the world,
let's change the name to Mick World,
because let's face it,
McDonald's will be the official food.
We'll serve Big Macs and McNuggets in the cafeteria, of course.
Would you like fries with that?
And on Fridays, we'll take all-day field trips to Mickey D's,
which Randy Kretschmer will never go on,
because he'll be in permanent detention.
He picked on me in social studies.
And, you know, as long as you're running the place,
I'm sure a cool gym teacher for once.
Anybody for a game of horse?
Hey, that could happen.
Is this the van to Super Van City?
Sure is.
One, two, three, four!
You can get into town!
Super Van City!
Just hold it on down!
Micro-machines taking over the place
With real racing tractors
Ready to race!
Working bridges in an airport too
A car wash serving you
Super Van City!
Micro-machines!
The Micro Machine, Super Van City.
You put it together, fold it up, take it away.
Zico Collections sold separately.
Speak, stylish, and now one of the best values in America.
Go to the Super NES Super Set
And get five complete Mario games standard.
Mario!
You'll find the Super Set is like no other system.
In performance, handling, and mode seven control,
you'll get Super Mario World.
And for 350 in postage, Super Mario All Stars
free with four Mario games in one.
Mario!
So stop by your Nintendo dealer today.
Welcome to town, you don't forget
Super Nintendo Super Set.
And now, back to the glow of the
Ren and Stimpy show.
Hey, look!
Wanted security man
to guard president.
Big money!
We're here about the job
protecting the president.
Mr. Big Butt, sir?
Huh?
Sergeant Big Butt!
You maggots want to guard
the president, huh?
Do you know what that entails?
Do you know what we give you
if you disgrace our country?
You'd get
towels!
I like towels!
Oh, you like towels, huh?
Good!
Ten hot
freezing
towels!
Ten hot people!
Hey!
I just love military tradition.
All right, ladies.
This is the president.
You will scrub away
every single speck of dirt
from the president.
I will demonstrate.
Get Jefferson a good one
right in the eye today.
Hey!
Take that!
Okay, you weasels.
Get to work.
And don't screw up.
Wrecking, fracking
every speck of dirt.
Fui!
And I want a bike,
and a Betsy Wetzer self-doll,
and a cheesy bake oven,
and a pulpy the pup doll,
and a Jillian Armyman,
and a whoop! Get down from there!
That's not Santa Claus.
It's a memorial.
A memorial?
I didn't know
that.
You are so stupid.
Am I?
Idiot!
Don't you recognize
President Willard P. Fillmore
when you see him? Now get back to work!
What is his matter?
Isn't he nice?
And what a mole.
Abraham Lincoln.
Yup, he was a great man.
And I here tell,
there's a treasure in his head.
Closing time!
We're closed now! Go home!
Euren, you must be mistaken.
We're supposed to be open
for another 18 hours.
No!
That was yesterday! Goodbye!
Drop in again!
How do I get inside that head?
Ah!
I think I'm stuck!
Uh, see
the President
pick his nose.
I've got five cents.
I'll have you out of there
in a jiffy, Ren.
Okay, Steampie.
Begin.
Ren? Yes?
Why are we doing this again?
To find out
what's inside the President's head.
Ah, heck, Ren.
I know what's inside the President's head.
You do?
The President's head
is full of
beautiful,
glorious,
golden,
yes,
yes, caramel
corn!
Ah, beef,
ah!
That's it! Now grab the head
and whatever you do,
don't drop!
Oops! Oh, you meant the President's head!
Boy, Ren, are you ever going to get
in tru-
Shut up! Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy! I'm going to be rich!
Where's that old treasure?
Come on! Get out of here, you old treasure!
You! I know it's here some!
Ah!
Joy!
Carmel-y, carmel-y, coin-y, coins!
My thing!
Carmel corn!
Carmel corn in the President's head.
Ah! Ah! Ah!
Stop eating your fool and help me!
Now get up there and glue that head back together!
Pronto!
Okay, Ren! All finished!
What do you think?
Huh? Huh?
Yeah, nincompoop! That's the wrong President!
Do it over!
Okay, Ren, whatever you say.
How's that, Ren?
Do it again!
That's it, Ren! We broke it too many times!
Hmm, got to find a replacement head.
Hey, Stimpy! Try these out for size!
Why, Stimpy?
It's...
BEAUTIFUL!
Okay, Squirrel, hand over your nuts, or we'll MIRDLIZE you!
Now what do we do?
I know! We will use a penny that has Lincoln's face on it!
No! Too small! Don't use this!
No, no, Ren! Try this!
Eh! Too ugly!
How about the Statue of Liberty's head?
Yes! That's it!
That's... That's...
...darable!
I got it, Ren!
We'll use this dumpster!
Now you're starting to use your head!
And I'll let it face with this chalk!
There! How does it look?
Hmm... Needs hair.
Thanks, guys! I was thinking about redecorating anyway!
Ha ha ha ha!
There's only one thing left to do.
You'll have to beg the spirit...
...of all God and his tape...
...for help in an hour of need.
Don't worry, Ren! I'm sure he'll help us!
Like heck I will!
Anything to say...
...before I kill you!
Let me explain.
He did it!
Yes, Johnny! Chicken in every garage!
Mom's apple pie...
...and rubber nipples for everyone!
Yup! This is what America is all about!
You have to press Daddy's alarm clock!
Will you wake up?
What is that?
Team by success, the turtles lost their savages.
Greed is dead.
It's a new breed carved from the streets.
Concrete fish, battered alien flesh.
One-on-one.
That's how it joins forces with rage.
Ripping through fear.
And no one sheds a tear for mutilated mutants.
Giant warrior crushed by three tough turtles...
...who have skipped soft gels...
...for a high dose of reality.
The Konami's tournament fighters.
Layin' hard if you'll come through!
Once more, Tony!
Bring up the tiger and you!
That's it!
Doing your best takes practice and smart eating.
Like this complete breakfast, including the sweet crunch...
...of Kellogg's Frosted Flakes.
Come on! See if you're any good!
Good! There I go!
Great!
Go on, Tiger!
Take the Kellogg Frosted Flakes!
Whoa!
There's got the tiger and you!
Hey, kids! Better blocks are now in stores...
...so you can make even cooler dinosaurs.
They move, shape, curve, and bend.
Snap on Better Block connectors to these Lego blocks...
...for more bendable Better Block fun.
Invented for cool kids with creative minds.
Better Blocks.
Now available at major retailers and leading toy stores.
Hello!
Hop, twist, pull, plop!
Boodle cool!
With my Mini Kaboodles fashion design set...
...I can draw awesome styles.
This Mini Kaboodles hides a bubbly surprise.
And here's looking at you.
This one has a real lip gloss...
...and a mini mirror, too.
Mini Kaboodles are Kaboodles' crew.
Kaboodles!
Mini Kaboodles, wear them as a necklace...
...find the surprise inside, each sold separately.
Recently, we compared two superheroes...
...Dallas Super Guy and Kirby from Nintendo.
In some ways, Kirby lost big, no big hair...
...no big muscles, no weapons, nothing.
All Kirby's got is...
...apotite.
Kirby's Dream Land, the thrilling adventure game on Game Boy.
Kirby Munches, its back end floats...
...saving glorious Dream Land.
He's Kirby, and he packs a mean bite.
Kirby's Dream Land, only on Game Boy.
Hey, Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas to you, everybody.
Merry Christmas from all of us at Nickelodeon.
Let's give them a few more minutes.
I think that's them now.
Sorry we're late.
Hey, I heard about your bike getting stolen. You okay?
Yeah, well, what can you do?
How can anyone steal a bike?
Yeah, it's like ripping off a part of somebody.
I thought about that.
It really ticked me off that someone could take something...
...that was so important to me.
Because once you have the right bike...
...it's yours forever, no matter who has it.
But it's not a total loss.
David came up with a story about it.
It's about this kid...
...and his bike.
A bike that meant so much to him...
...that he took it everywhere he went.
Including his own grave.
Submitted for the approval...
...of the Midnight Society.
I call this story...
...the tale of the shiny red bicycle.
Where's the luckiest guy in the world?
Yeah, my dad's thinking about my reel...
...cleaning it this weekend.
Maybe this year, I'll catch a fast.
Yeah, right. Maybe you should learn how to be your hooker...
...that'll bring it through your finger first.
I got you!
You okay?
Yeah, I'm alright.
You were having another bad dream.
It's okay, Ben. Go back to sleep.
Honest?
Honest. Good night, Mike.
Night, kiddo.
Looks like someone's gonna fall asleep...
...in his corn wackies.
You alright, honey?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm alright. I'm still...
...still tired, I saw.
You trouble sleeping?
No, I'm just, you know...
He had another nightmare.
Not another one.
Oh, Mike...
You guys say that like I can do something about it.
Well, for one thing, you could stop blaming yourself...
...for Ricky's death.
That I was there.
I had a chance to save him, and I couldn't.
Honey, you know how much your father and I loved Ricky.
You have to stop knocking yourself around over his death.
Stop blaming yourself, and the nightmares will go away.
Yeah.
Keep out of this!
Oh, right. They just don't stand a chance this season.
Excuse me, hello. What about Sandor? They mentioned the key.
Yeah, like last year.
Hey, it was out half the season.
Yeah, and you'll probably get beat up again. You heard it here first.
What? Nothing to forget.
Let's go. Let's go.
And so, only months to go,
NASA met John F. Kennedy's challenge...
...to put men on the moon before the end of the decade.
The three chosen for this historic flight were...
...Buzz Aldrin, Michael Collins, and...
...Mr. Buckley.
Mr. Buckley, are you with us?
Ground control to Michael Buckley.
Nabbed.
Paying attention, are we?
Yes, Ms. Westwood.
Good.
Then maybe you would tell everybody what we were talking about...
...before I had to stop and bring you back to Earth.
Uh, will I, uh...
Not quite.
We're not covering I or uh until next semester.
Nice try, though.
Maybe you're having a bad time.
But I had my in-laws over for dinner last night.
And needless to say, I need you to cut me a little...
Back to the moon.
It was widely believed that Bobby Kennedy...
...was going to keep his brother's policies in check...
...if he were to become president.
However, this is an occasion...
Who's Ricky?
What?
Who was Ricky? You mentioned the name Ricky in the classroom.
As Westwood said, you kept repeating it.
Why?
It was a friend.
Did you two have a fight?
Uh, I don't know.
Put this on the back of your neck.
You said he was your friend.
Did you fight?
He was my friend.
He's dead.
About five years now.
Ricky.
I'm sorry.
You're talking about the Haggerty Boy.
Leave it on.
You still have a hard time with his death?
Sometimes.
How so?
Once in a while, I get these dreams.
They're nightmares, really.
I'm always trying to save Ricky's life.
But just like at the bridge, I can't.
I keep hoping that the next time I'll be able to...
You know, they never even found his body.
But you know that when the dream does come out the right way,
it won't change the fact that your friend is gone.
That's just a thing. He's not really gone.
I saw him today.
What?
I mean...
I'm not feeling too well.
I'm gonna let you go home early today.
I think you don't feel well because of these nightmares
and lack of sleep.
You get some rest this weekend,
and if you don't feel better by Monday,
you better have your parents call your family physician.
And stay tuned.
Hey, Clarissa here, explaining it all.
And I mean all.
Like all day long?
It's the best if Clarissa explains it all.
On the last day of Nick's Can't Wait Till Christmas week.
So keep it tuned to Nick
and try not to think of it as a whole day of pergwad.
Hi, I'm Christina Ritchie.
R-I-P-C-I.
And this is True Stories from Famous People.
True Stories from Famous People.
Brothers and sisters call me Squant,
because when I was little, I was like three years old,
and I wanted to know about Thanksgiving.
So my mom took me to the library,
and I read about Squanto the Indian
and about how he helped the pilgrims and everything.
And so I went home and I was like preaching to my brothers and sisters
about how great this person was
and how they should all try to be like him
and, you know, that he was just this sublime human being.
They got really sick of this little...
me, you know, this little brat
telling them about how wonderful Squanto was.
So for a while they called me Squant P.
And then they sort of broke it down to Squant.
S-U-U-A-N-T.
You know, I used to be really upset, like, when they called me Squant,
I was like screaming yell.
No, it's not my name!
But now, like, my brother's like, you're Squant.
And I'm like, yeah.
Take off!
With the hottest cover rescue game ever!
Flying Thunder!
With realistic cover sounds.
Lights for night flying.
Listen all the battle sounds.
With Flying Thunder, you compete on a giant battle map.
Your mission, captures flies and drops them off.
Pick up flying!
You've got trouble control with Flying Thunder!
Manoeuvre in and out!
To rescue your buddies.
Have you got what it takes to be a Flying Thunder Ace?
Yeah!
Flying Thunder on Milton Bradley.
Hey, dude.
It's not your clothes you need to change.
It's your pent heights.
Yikes are the only pencils as unique as you.
Yikes are pencils and erasers without rages, shapes and colors
that go straight to the core.
Because you can't look sharp with all pencils.
Sorry, Dad.
Yikes can't work miracles.
They write like other pencils, but they make you go Yikes!
This will land a paradise
as threatened by an unspeakable evil.
And only one person has found the power
to restore perfect order.
In a new action adventure game
for your Super NES comes an exciting tale.
The secret of mana.
Square, maker of the world's greatest video games.
At Chuck E. Cheese's, you can win your way
where games and rides you can play all day.
You can zap, you can score, you can hit the floor.
Chuck E. Cheese.
Looks like you both won big today.
Where a kid can be a kid.
Of Staccasaurus, next to Dana's home
it's Staccasaurus next.
The Staccamup, whack-a-mouth game.
Despite this, the higher you go, the more you risk.
Because Staccasaurus next could fall at any time.
Of Staccasaurus next to Dana's home.
The sneaking begins again
with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
This really stinks, you know?
Why'd you have to take me to see Dr. McBride anyway?
Oh, I don't know.
Maybe going into shock at the nurse's station
and raving about seeing your dead best friend
might have had something to do with it?
You know, I've never missed the first day of fishing season?
Not once.
Not even here, Ricky.
You died.
Mike, I'm sorry.
The doctor said bed rest, and that's exactly what it's going to be.
You don't think I'm crazy, don't you?
We just don't want you to know I saw what I saw.
I know you think you did.
But I also believe the doctor,
when he says that you should be in bed.
Stop the car.
I just saw Ricky riding his bike down Hanover Road.
Dad, please, this will prove I'm not crazy.
That's him.
Sorry.
That's it. It's bedtime for you, pal.
Didn't-didn't you just think for just a second that was Ricky?
No, son.
You didn't?
Mike, Ricky's dead.
Let's go home.
Please, enough with the thermometer.
The pork has been poked and prodded enough for one day.
The doctor says he just needs some rest.
Uh-huh. I knew it.
99.6.
Good. When he hits 100, we'll sell.
I don't get it.
It's a joke about stocks, Ben.
I'm gonna go get a movie.
Can we get you anything while we're out?
Uh, no, I think we'll all write that. Thanks.
Let's go, kiddo.
Can I stay for a little while?
Your brother needs his rest.
It's okay, Mom. He's only gonna be here for a little while.
Please?
All right.
But the minute Mike starts nodding off, you hit the road.
Thanks.
I'm really gonna miss you not going fishing tomorrow.
I wish you can go.
Yeah, me too.
I've never been to the river without you.
Hey, no sweat.
I was going there when I was 10.
Besides, you'll have your friends with you. That'd be cool.
Just like you used to go with Ricky.
Yeah.
Did you really see him?
I swear I did, Ben.
Everyone thinks I'm a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
I believe you.
Thanks.
If everyone did, I wouldn't be stuck in bed all stinkin' weekend.
Mom and Dad are going grocery shopping on Saturdays, right?
Before they leave, come up and wake me.
I'll go with you.
You will?
It's not like I'm really sick anyway, right?
Cool. So what did Dad's joke before me?
Was it dirty?
No, it was just too grown up for you to understand, Ben.
Besides, it wasn't that funny.
I think yours are much better.
Want to hear one?
Hit me, brother.
Okay. Ask me why I'm a great comedian.
Why are you a great comedian?
It's...
Hey!
What do you think you're going?
Well...
I need my taco box.
Yeah. Yeah, my taco box.
You know what's in the garage?
Has everyone here gone wacky?
Come on, go get your stuff.
Mom and I will give you a ride to Gower's River.
That's all right, Dad. I'll walk.
Don't be ridiculous. It's a long hike.
Okay.
Good.
I don't sound so excited about it.
Stop it, Ben.
Fran got killed?
Keep moving. I don't want to hear any more about Ricky.
Ricky? Ricky!
Ricky!
Here I am, Mike.
Here I am?
Just like that?
Here I am.
What do you want from me?
Sorry, it was an accident.
Sorry, another accident.
Ricky...
I tried to save you, all right?
I tried. I did whatever I could.
If that wasn't good enough, do whatever you want to me.
Am I here to hurt you, Mike?
You're my best friend.
You try to save my life.
Why do you keep coming after me?
I'm here to warn you.
Warn me?
That's great. Warn me.
You know...
What's so important that you have to come up here and...
What?
Danger, Mike.
I tried to tell you yesterday at school.
You must go to him before it's too late.
He's at the bridge.
My bridge.
I miss you, Ricky.
I miss you too, Mike.
Get going.
It's a long ride and we don't want to
bed on this side just yet.
The very next day,
a man who was fishing found the remains of Ricky Hagrid.
Why had he taken so many years to find him?
Mike Buckley will tell you
that it's because he wasn't even down there.
Not at least until he had paid back a favor
to an old friend.
I declare this meeting
of the Midnight Society closed.
Until next time.
Let's go!
This is a whole house inside.
You put it together dolls and fashions
little separately.
Dolls and batteries not included.
You put it together.
I don't think so.
DZ's made just for me.
It's a place where I can really cut loose.
It's all here.
Jump and jump over here.
I don't think so.